ENG-8423: Update docs on how to set policy rule for any data field (#203)
cyralinc/terraform-provider-cyral: docs/resources/policy_rule.md

- `rate_limit` - (Optional) Rate Limit specifies the limit of calls that a user can make within a given time period.
- `rows` - (Required) How many rows can be return by the policy rule. Use positive integer numbers to define how many rows. If you want to define `any` number of rows, set as `-1`.

> - `data` - (Required) Define which data can be access. Use name of data as string to define them. If you want to define `any` access, set the data key as `["*"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data` - (Required) The data locations protected by this rule. Use `*` if you want to define `any` data location. For more information, see the [policy rules](https://cyral.com/docs/policy/rules#contexted-rules) documentation.
```

### Updates

- `rate_limit` - (Optional) Rate Limit specifies the limit of calls that a user can make within a given time period.
- `rows` - (Required) How many rows can be return by the policy rule. Use positive integer numbers to define how many rows. If you want to define `any` number of rows, set as `-1`.

> - `data` - (Required) Define which data can be access. Use name of data as string to define them. If you want to define `any` access, set the data key as `["*"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data` - (Required) The data locations protected by this rule. Use `*` if you want to define `any` data location. For more information, see the [policy rules](https://cyral.com/docs/policy/rules#contexted-rules) documentation.
```

### Deletes

- `rate_limit` - (Optional) Rate Limit specifies the limit of calls that a user can make within a given time period.
- `rows` - (Required) How many rows can be return by the policy rule. Use positive integer numbers to define how many rows. If you want to define `any` number of rows, set as `-1`.

> - `data` - (Required) Define which data can be access. Use name of data as string to define them. If you want to define `any` access, set the data key as `["*"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data` - (Required) The data locations protected by this rule. Use `*` if you want to define `any` data location. For more information, see the [policy rules](https://cyral.com/docs/policy/rules#contexted-rules) documentation.
```
